In part two of our talk with George Green,
we begin discussing what he calls
the "Big Picture," and it's big.
From ancient Atlantean documents held by the Tibetan monks
to nuclear energy and the future of our species,
George holds nothing back in this fascinating
but spine-chilling interview.
If people watch all the interviews on your site,
they would walk away with this clear understanding,
we have a very unique position in Earth's history.
And everything that we've talked about,
even in our previous interview,
lots of changes coming down the pipe.
Can you talk a little bit about how we have found ourselves
as a species and as a planet in the situation we're in
and what the opportunity of this time is?
To give you a background of the planet itself,
again, a little bit of my background.
I went to Colorado School of Mines, I majored in geophysics.
We used to go out the back door, out of the chem lab,
and go along what we'd call the hog bag,
and I looked at all of these,
the remnants of prehistoric, you know,
everything was going on, the fish,
and the dinosaurs, and everything is sitting right there.
No, this is at Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado,
so it's up a mile high, right?
Where did this all happen?
So the research I started looking at,
it'd say, well the planet itself goes through
various changes at time, and it turns out,
from an astrological standpoint,
we have to look at the planet Earth itself,
is spinning around in this 365.25 day period
around our sun, which, you know, takes that time.
And our moon, which is very an unusual object,
it's perfectly round, it's always facing our planet,
which is kind of unusual, because it's the only one
in our known, that we know
has a body that does that.
On any of the planets that we have any idea about,
that we can see.
So as I started to research a little bit more,
I started looking at some of the ancient documents
that they translated back,
and it turned out, like, when I was in Japan,
the most ancient documents said
they came from a boat from the sky.
As our friend David says, the word Zulu means star people.
And I started looking into all of this, and I said,
"Well, wait a minute, something is going on
"with this planet that's a little bit different."
Well, as my experience happened,
I happened to join the Air Force at a young age, 18.
I spent a year in electronics school.
I already had two years prior to that,
so they put me in a specialized school.
I immediately was assigned
to the Air Force Research and Development Center,
one of these quirks happened to be there,
which is Edwards Air Force Base,
which is out in the middle of the Mojave Desert.
On one morning, I did the post-flight inspection
on the X-15, the forerunner of the space shuttle,
which is, the X-15 is just a rocket with skids, frankly.
Anyway, when it landed,
it's about five miles north
of the main base, where I was at,
and I was out with my Jeep and there was
a couple hangers that I hadn't been to.
I was cleared for top secret, I just went inside this hangar
and I looked at it, and went inside this room,
and here's this round disc, this silver craft.
And I'm 10 feet away from it.
It was kind of unusual, but I've been working
on a lot of strange-looking equipment.
Anyway, I come back to my commander,
and I ask him, I says,
"When can I work on that disc out there?"
And he said, "Oh, that's an ion-powered craft.
"I-O-N powered craft,
"designed by Sikorsky, the helicopter people,
"for use in outer space."
I accepted what he had to say, and I said,
"Well, fine, when can I work on it?"
And he says, "You can't, it's still a civilian project."
Edwards is a crossover base.
That's where the civilian contractors make the vehicles
and the Air Force tests them if they want to use them,
just so you know.
Anyway, I went back to my room,
and I happened to be running around
with the base photographer, and I said, you know,
"Hey, get me some pictures of that round craft."
I had everything else.
And he said, "What'd they tell you about it?"
Then he proceeded to show me pictures
of the space craft along with two dead aliens.
Now, the aliens were similar to,
you've seen them in the movies,
the grays and that type.
Now, I didn't see the aliens, I'm 10 feet away
from the space craft, so I'll never forget it.
This confused me.
I mean, here I was, rah-rah for our government,
and everything's going on,
and top secret, why did my commander lie to me?
So the first thing I did was to go down and ask him.
And first thing he did was remind me
of my top secret clearance,
which was jail time and a fine if I said anything about it.
And the next thing he, we joked about it,
as a matter of fact, because I said, the next thing,
he said, "When the government's ready
"to tell the truth about UFOs and ETs, they will.
"Until then, you stick to the Sikorsky deal."
And then he put me on duty, it was the last week in August.
The next weekend was Armed Forces Day,
they open up the base, let everybody go in,
all the top secret stuff we have,
except for these craft were,
you know, several miles away from the main one.
Anyway, within a very short period, for some reason,
I was transferred off the base.
Right.
Surprise.
Duh.
What year was this?
That was in 1958.
Okay.
So about a dozen years after Roswell,
but before Lieutenant Corso started really outing--
No, Corso was at Edwards the same time I was.
Yeah,. but he didn't really start working
on the technology, or back using the back-engineering
until, what, 61 or intertwining?
They were already doing it?
Oh, sure, we were doing.
Because I, the schooling I had,
was the old tube types, remember the old days,
you had the tube to go in and change it?
Well, the Air Force at that time,
when we sent up an aircraft,
you know, the F-104, for instance,
if you went up with it,
I had to come back and I'd take out the whole equipment,
we recheck everything, every time.
Every time, they got new equipment,
new tubes, everything, it was,
before and after, so I was a before-and-after check,
all using tubes, and all the sudden,
changes come in.
I'm using transistors and diodes and everything.
And that was in that same period of time?
Exactly.
So it was a little before the accounts.
It started to come out,
where I asked my CO, I said,
"Why didn't they teach this in school?"
And what basically, O-J-T, or on-the-job training,
so all of the sudden, I'm looking
at all this advanced equipment, and I said,
"Well, where do you get that?"
And he said, "We have think tanks that create this."
And what they were doing basically at that time
retro-engineering off of the same stuff.
You know, I didn't put the pieces together,
frankly, until later.
I went to the Air Force, I spent, next year,
they sent me over to the Far East,
and I was only there for a few months,
and I wanted, I had some political connections,
and I wanted out of the Air Force,
I thought it was a Mickey Mouse organization,
and I wanted to go to School of Mines anyway.
Yeah, you're a kid.
I was a kid, yeah.
It was a fun lark.
Unfortunately, they promoted me from Washington,
and they sent me to Alexi, Mississippi,
where they made electronics instructor out of me.
And I was really mad, because then I wanted out of that.
I became the instructor but didn't have any class,
so they grabbed me and crosstrained me
into nuclear missiles, I became
a guidance technician for the Hound Dog.
All the sudden, the next two years,
that's what I'm playing in, right?
Then I get out and finally go to School of Mines.
Anyway, I got out into the game
of what I call Monopoly, you know,
real estate, banking, security, you name it, I'm in it.
Anything just to have fun, because of my--
and that's what I look at, it was this huge game.
The world is my oyster, how big can I go,
and young and naïve, and going at it.
And I built a house in Aspen in 1984.
The housekeeper happened to have
this beautiful coffee table book called
UFO: Contact from the Pleiades, incredible color photos.
Now there's nothing really else,
and nothing else that happens since your days
in the military until, so from roughly 1960
to 1984, it was kind of you're on with your business life.
I'm playing my Monopoly game,
I'm learning everything there is,
as my friends oft saying,
I learned, I was well trained,
is what they said, for what's coming down now.
So anyway, in 84, I'm looking at
these pictures, and I said, "My gosh,
"that's exactly the same thing that I saw at Edwards."
I mean, I have a picture here, and then the real thing.
I've got to find out why the government
hasn't come forward at this time.
It's been long enough for--
Now, surely you knew the answer.
Were you still naïve at that point?
Oh, I was still, I just figured that things
were coming out, we didn't know all the little things.
I was too busy making money, frankly.
Anyway, so then I flew down here to Phoenix
and I talked to this couple who was,
you know, investigating a man named Billy Meier
in Switzerland, who claimed to be in contact
with beings from the star system, the Pleiades,
who said that they engineered planet Earth
for 500 million people, engineered,
I like that word because engineering, you know.
I said, "Oh, okay."
It has certain implications.
Well, it does.
Anyway, I flew down, I said,
"Look, what can I do to help you kids?"
And they said, "Well, we need money to publish the books."
And I said, "That's not a problem, I'll tell you what,
"I'll loan you the money to publish the books,
"with the provision, when you sell them,
"I want my money back first."
So that happened,
except for nine days later,
I got the accounting in there,
and they didn't send me a check.
And I said, "Well, where's my money?"
And they said, "Well, you don't need it."
Which was not the way I played the game.
So, anyway, so involved with,
they gave me a lot of information
and shared me the data, the Billy Meier's story,
I flew down, I filed suit against them,
and then my wife and I grabbed
the next plane and flew to Switzerland, unannounced.
Get to Zurich, rent a little car,
went that 45 mile drive out, you know,
45 minutes, basically, out of Zurich.
And you popped in on Billy Meier?
Yeah, unannounced.
Well, I wanted to know.
I mean, I put my money on it,
I had already put $10,000 into the movie being made,
called The Contact, I had that, too,
with Richard George, because,
you know, and Beverly Hills.
Well, anyway, I'm here, knocking on the door,
little Brunei, their name was Brunei,
answers the door, and I said,
"Look, I'm George Green, I put the money up
"for the publishing of your books,
"and I put the money into the movie being made over here,"
and I says, "I've got some questions about Billy."
And they said, her answer was,
"We're not talking to Americans, they're all crooks."
And I said, "What do you mean?"
They said, "Well, they took our information,
"they get all of our stuff, they promise to help us,
"and nothing ever happens."
And I say, "Well, you go back and tell Billy
"what I've done and who I am."
And she came back 10 minutes later, and she says,
"Mr. Green, I'm sorry.
"Shirley McClane was here two months ago,
"and she promised to help us, and nothing has happened."
And I said, "Well, c'est la vie."
I mean, if I can't see Billy,
I'm not going to waste my time.
I said, "My wife and I are going to head
"off to Innsbrook tomorrow, then."
It was late in the afternoon, I said,
"Where's the closest hotel?"
I decided to make a vacation out of this deal.
So we went and checked into the hotel.
Next morning, 7 o'clock, here's Brunei.
I said, "Yeah." she saId, "We found out who you are."
And I said, "What do you mean?"
So anyway, she handed me a two page message
from Quetzal, who happened to be the Pleiadian Commander
who was in contact with Billy.
Now, that was addressed to me, right?
There was information in there nobody could know.
I mean, you'd have to be sleeping with me
to get that kind of stuff, so we were invited back
to Billy's compound for the next week,
and frankly, everything I thought I knew was a lie.
Just talk about it from there.
Everything from that point on.
So it deconstructed your understanding
of what's happening on planet Earth.
Exactly, it gave me the understanding
that planet Earth
is basically the prison planet.
There's only one race on the planet,
it's called the human race.
We have a lot of different colors,
in the universe, there's all kinds of size and shapes.
In fact, last time I was over at Billy's,
I went to the neighbor farmer to see
if he had seen anything recently, he took me,
he's excited, he took me over behind his barn,
because he went out to milk the cow,
and there was a guy seven meters tall
leaning against the barn,
Well, of course, I see the footprint, I'm excited,
you know, I run back to Billy, and I say,
"Billy, there's a guy," and he just shrugged his shoulders
and says, "George, come back here."
And he took me in the back room,
and he had a little plaster cast of little tiny feet.
He says, "Don't you know the story
"of the leprechauns and faeries?"
Basically, there's all kinds of sizes
and shapes in the universe.
We just happen to be this--
A unit species.
Well, we're the human race at this time.
However, they gave us some history about the planet,
and I had seen to verify this from other sources,
because just because they said it,
doesn't mean it's true, right?
Number one, they say that this planet
was engineered for 500 million people.
Started analyzing why we get so much water,
oxygen, everything, in balance.
So we never had the rulebook.
We had the rulebook which is under the guise of free will
not to do anything about it.
So anyway, reading his data and asking Billy about it,
all the little pieces of the questions
I had in geology, in geophysics, on the planet,
seemed to be answered by the information.
Like, why was there gold chains in coal seams
in Kentucky, for instance.
How come all these carvings and things
that show flying saucers, like in Mexico,
or go to India, and you see all these things
around the planet, Egypt, India, and China,
over in Shehong, where the terracotta figures are.
Even aboriginal caves.
Aborigines the same way.
I actually asked about the aborigines,
but they were the remnants from the last time,
because the planet, remember
we started talking about how we're spinning around,
our solar system is going around
the central sun of the Pleiades called Halcyon,
and it cycles approximately every 26,000 years.
Well, we're ending the cycle, about the year 2012.
Timing is, what, not so many it's more or less,
but because of where we're at,
but it appears we're going there.
Now, there are energy streams within the universe,
and these energy streams are also hitting the planet.
They call it the photon belt, the monasic ring,
and it also coincides with also the year 2012,
or again, an approximation of it.
So these energy streams, plus what we're doing to the planet
is making the end beginning,
so when we go into, quote, the new age,
the Aquarian age, what is going to be left?
Well, if the planet was engineered for 500 million people
and the guys I used to run around with
have got the goal to reduce it down to 500 million--
Interesting.
Whered they get that info?
They got it from the same places.
Then I started asking questions, they said,
"Wait a minute, let's bring this up
"to what the big picture's all about."
They know that the planet, to stay in balance,
has to be 500 million.
If I was an engineer, I wouldn't have that many people.
So they're going to reduce it far less than that.
But that was their goal, that they wanted to put out,
so 90-some percent of the world's population
be brought down to that figure.
When did we pass
the half a billion mark?
The six billion, 300 million?
500 million?
Yeah, how long ago
has that been since we passed that, do you know?
Well, we had two billion people on the planet about 1900,
and that was right after that that the--
are you familiar with what happened in 1904?
Which, what?
Well, in 1904, Colonel Francis Younghusband,
he was a British officer, led a team to Tibet.
The Tibetan monks were guarding the ancient documents
of Atlantis among others,
in the documents, it showed that the planet
was engineered for 500 million people
and was going to flip on its axis about the year 2012.
Now, that information was given to his boss,
which was Lord Curzon, who was the viceroy of India.
India was controlled by the center of the universe,
at that time, which was London, right?
Okay, well, two billion people,
the scientists looked at the data and they said,
"Oh, my gosh, this is all,
"we're four times the carrying capacity
"right now, with two billion people."
That's what their research said,
so they put together their own little group,
under Bismarck, the German scientist,
the Germans were given the nuclear technology was in there.
And so they led an expedition to Tunguska, Siberia,
launched by a missile, the first nuclear explosion,
the purpose was to flip the planet on its axis prematurely,
because 90% of the world's population was next to the ocean.
If the planet flips, we're going to get rid
of a lot of people naturally, right?
So they were trying to play God.
Now wait, let's go the next step.
How do you know that the Germans had that technology?
Because there's radiation, and I have
all the videos of people that were alive,
interviews with them, they were alive at the time,
they saw the missile going up, and the radiation detector,
they don't talk about that right now, in Tunguska,
they claim that a meteor hit it.
Right.
Okay, now, at the end of World War Two,
we took out the nuclear submarine,
right out of the chute, right?
The Soviets got the nuclear scientists,
we got them, and unfortunately,
Hitler already had two nuclear bombs
and they were called the Fatman,
which we took on dropped on Japan.
So now you know how, and I've got all the documentation,
we're putting that together right now,
so people can see it for themselves.
We've been led down the primrose path.
Hitler had flying saucers, those two bombs
were targeted to hit New York City
and Washington DC, by Hitler.
And he didn't die, by the way.
I've heard that.
And all of his data, too.
No, he ended up in South America.
Also, I read somewhere along the way,
I read all this, like you, so many things,
that the Germans had had a very similar event
to Roswell, only previously to that, previous to that.
So they had actually back-engineered a lot of technology,
prior, and that's where we got Project Paperclip
and the Germans coming after the war--
Well, Paperclip was involved with
the agreements that we got Werhner Von Braun,
who was like third down in the chain,
number one in the chain went to Russia.
Under Paperclip, we also got the Japanese
biological engineer that was killing everybody
with biologicals in Manchuria,
we gave him citizenship and put him in charge Fort Dietrich,
these are all part of the game.
I mean, this was all part of the much bigger picture,
the people behind the scenes are aware of all the data,
and they love, like Al Gore putting out his movie right now,
to tell the people that the whole planet's in trouble,
so what they're going to do is expedite it,
we've got to have somebody to blame.
Okay, the Old Testament blames God, God kills everybody.
Isn't that right?
So we've got to have something out here,
somebody's going to come save us.
They won't take on the responsibility for it.
Well, back to the story again, we're getting ready for this.
Now, the Global 2000, they want to have
their plan theta complete by the year 2012.
That's only six years, so all of our dreams that we have
to put together are getting very limited.
Will it be the 2012, well, they didn't make the 2000.
So it maybe go a little bit longer than that,
but we've got an environment problem.
Can you just give us some more about,
besides the population reduction,
some of the other highlights in the Global 2000.
Well, it basically ends up with a small group
of people in control of the entire planet.
Their goal is to have, quote, the one world order,
if you want to call it that, controlling.
And those people are buying, we don't know
who's going to be it, because they buy from each other.
I mean, I sat down at a meeting with a dozen people,
we're discussing reducing the world's population,
and have of us adjourn to another room,
we got to talking about getting rid
of some of the ones that were just in the other room.
Well, that would make total sense.
If you're in a fear-based mentality,
then it stops at nothing.
I equate it with being in a den of rattlesnakes,
black widows, and scorpions.
They're all capable of killing each other,
the question is who's going to end up on top.
And they're all playing for buying it,
the problem is, it becomes too much bigger picture,
they're all being manipulated from,
at some point, from the extraterrestrials.
Let's talk about that.
This is something that is very,
very confusing,
because my understanding,
there are beings from so many different places
that are affecting what goes on on Earth,
and there are those also who are,
conversely, trying to assist in the guidance
for the population, and so, it seems as though
you have as many different agendas
coming from other places as you do
from going on here on planet Earth itself.
Ah, you hit the problem.
There's a much bigger agenda that's going on.
We have the agenda from the guys that are in control
of this planet on the physical plane we call planet Earth,
we have an agenda, a much bigger agenda,
where there's a group of extraterrestrials,
on another level, that are hoping we destroy ourselves,
they want to create another universe using our soul energy.
So if we get rid
of the third-dimensional aspect,
you have a lot of displaced souls?
Yeah, there's 21 grams, only a soul weight.
Yeah, but still, there's a lot
of knowledge in those souls, it's not just plasma.
And energy, remember, everything is a product.
You know, in John 1, Biblically speaking,
it says, "In the beginning was the Word,"
and I tell people that wasn't a correct translation.
"In the beginning was thought," words are just--
Right, and everything here is a thought form.
So it's all been created from thought.
Condensed thought, vibration,
and so if thought can,
with the ability of free will,
get to a point of ego, and I look at it, the gratification,
and you move over to next dimension,
doesn't mean you're any better off.
It's just that you don't have this
puppet that you're controlling, right?
What if the energies, and I've contemplated the same thing,
the energies there have so connected,
they call it the cesspool, has got so bad,
it wants to continue on itself, say,
"Hey, I don't need what created me."
And that's what we're involved
with right now, another level.
When I became in contact with the Pleiadians,
with Billy Meier in Switzerland,
there were some things that were going on,
I was not aware of, I mean, you have to live the experience,
that can happen.
They basically said that they're in a constant state
of communion with spirit,
in other words, with the other side.
Well, we all should be there.
I mean people, when they put out prayer,
they're asking for to get back information.
Well, the problem is that we've been
so deprogrammed, as you said before,
and basically dumbed down,
by the educational system, the religious system,
all of these things, anything to do
with controlling the way you think.
Including, to the point of putting
thought into your head without you knowing it.
On many different levels,
the media is only part of it.
Now, how do we trigger that mind
to get back into the understanding
that we are an extension of the creation?
And who I got involved with at the very end
was at that creational level, he says,
"Wait a minute, this is our game in the first place.
"They've got a bunch of them over here
"that are trying to do it, why don't you guys wake up
"and then we can draw on all there is,
"the energy in the universe,
"to change the ending of the story."
And those are the ones I'm talking about.
That's the one I'm involved with right now,
but they're not going to do it for us,
but they'll give us information.
But, see, the frustrating part,
now, I get animated in this part,
is that here we have
other types of beings, if you listen to David Icke,
he has his version of it, if you listen to other people
on our site, they have their version of it,
of who the beings are, the Draconians, or whoever they are,
that are perhaps, don't have the same ethics,
that can literally interfere with the species,
and then you have the beings who,
by sheer ethics and virtue of the level
of understanding they have, are not allowed to interfere.
Well, they are allowed, to a point.
The four basic laws of the universe,
and I'll just basically tell you,
the first one is the law of attraction.
It's basically what Christ said,
"What you put out, you're going to get back," right?
That's what it amounts to.
Okay, the second law is the law of intent.
What did you intend for the action you that you put out?
The next law is the law of allowance.
You have to allow that thought
to be made manifest at whatever level, right?
What's the final one?
Balance.
Where is planet Earth?
Out of balance, severely out of balance.
Now, the question is, how do you do
all the corrections to bring everything,
planet Earth, back into balance
since it's all upside down, and now we have
to take into the next consideration, time.
Time does not exist on the next dimensions,
we're the only one, as the old saying is,
"Have patience, but I want it now."
And yet we have the ability
to literally, with our own intention,
collapse the time-space continuum.
Exactly, but we have the other problem,
and we've bought into this environment,
or this game and this play,
and we have to do what's highest and best good
for mankind, as I tell people.
The next thing is,
we have to reflect back to all
of the so-called laws that we had,
or rule book, and see how phony it is.
You know, like, they tell the kids
in school, "Thou shall not kill."
The real one is, "Thou shall not murder
"thy fellow man in thought or deed,"
because what you thought is manifest.
And what are they doing with little kids today in school?
After putting them
on basically cocaine, Ritalin.
No, they're all talking about,
all the kids are going on highs now,
now with all the cold medicines,
and all the kind of stuff, what do they do?
They sell them all these little war games.
All these war games, all computerized to do what?
So killing becomes impersonal.
Exactly, they don't want to go back to that soul level,
where's the temple located: within.
Remember, this is a puppet controlled by the soul,
but we forgot, we're not connected with the soul
which we should be on a constant basis,
which in turn is connected to the creation,
with the exception of clones, they don't have souls.
Right.
And the process of making clones is pretty--
I mean, I talked to some of the doctors that make them.
We have our method, the Soviets have,
their countries make people.
Well, and there's a precedent for it,
a number of people would say,
we're a clone species in a sense, not a clone--
Engineered is a better word,
we were engineered to have a limited life,
we were engineered as warriors.
That's the reason why there's so much fighting on.
Remember that in the Pleiades,
they explain it this way:
there was a planet where you had all the people,
everything was in balance, you could go out
and raise your garden, have beautiful flowers,
and you could be a painting,
all of the expressions of creation, you could do
without being hurt,
understanding and respecting the planet
that you were on for doing that.
However, in the universe, it's a big universe,
lots of things going on out here,
thousands of planets inhabited, actually billions,
that are inhabited with humanoids.
They found this nice little planet
and some other extraterrestrials starting attack them.
Well, one of the rules in the universe, remember,
I just told you, "Thou shall not murder thy fellow man."
but you've got to defend yourself.
If you don't defend yourself, that's self-murder,
or suicide. however you view that,
and that's a no-no.
So their solution was, kind of like what's going on,
look around for less developed humanoids
on the evolutionary scale, because evolution
does work, it's just timing.
They re-engineered them, on their DNA,
to give them limited life and intelligence
to act as their lawyer, thinking that
they could get away with those four laws again.
Well, what they created worked for a while.
They could do all the fighting and everything else.
I mean, that's kind of like the Majestic Corps program,
you're familiar with that.
You know, ultimately, the one world order
wants to get, we always have this conflict resolution,
we have to have an enemy, right?
Ultimately, when it got everybody all rounded up,
whatever is left, now it's gonna be
they're coming in from space.
So it follows right along with the same rules,
you just have to understand the game.
And it's been engineered,
Hollywood has been in compliance with this
for a number of years, to start creating fear,
as to anything that comes from the outside,
any off-planet species as Carol Rosin
and Albert Wagner would call them.
Or make it so you don't know what to believe,
so they give you all kinds of different things,
and then you go back to sleep,
or go down to your local church,
and there's probably a hundred of them in your town,
a hundred different belief systems.
Right, right.
So we're,
let's continue on, then, so,
what about right now, what's happening right now?
What kind of beings
are staging their game here right now?
Well, they're all, we're being focused, big time.
I mean, you have a TV camera on me right now.
Would you believe that we have all kinds of TV cameras
being focused on us from our buddies in space?
Oh, absolutely.
Look around at the stars that are strobing red,
blue, and green, now think about that.
Those are not stars.
Okay, yeah, I see them.
They're spacecraft.
They're sitting here watching to see
what we do to pull out the planet.
We're the big game in the universe right now.
I totally agree with that,
and I want to see how it's going to turn out.
Well, we, you and I,
and you, and your listeners,
and the people that are watching right now,
they're 100% responsible for what's gonna happen.
You can say, "No, I'm going to be--"
If you say no, you're gonna be responsible.
So what the first rule again, gain all knowledge.
See whether or not I'm telling you
just a little bit of the truth.
If it rings to you on the inside, you're going to know.
And now where's that last little game,
responsibility, and that's two words:
the ability to respond.
And then the responsibility, it's like reading
the little handbook that I give away to your listeners.
When they read the book and understand that,
now they're part of the solution.
And the solution is not from our understanding,
it's gonna be from the creational level acting through us,
because that's all energy.
The creation will give us the information
on how to traverse this situation we have right now.
The play hasn't been played out yet.
No, it hasn't, and, in fact, most everybody,
I don't usually ask this on camera,
most everybody I've interviewed, I say,
"So how do you think it's all going to go down?"
Just to see what their opinions are,
and, you know, to a person, they all say,
"I couldn't even begin to guess."
No matter who their contacts are,
because we haven't created the ending yet.
This is so true, I think it's so important
for people to know not to become disheartened,
or to give, this is a bad time to give up.
Well, the last messages that I got
from the guides, if you want to call it that,
that I'm receiving information from,
they say at this point there are too few
to make any substantial difference
to the ending or the outcome of what's planned,
and their urging is to get together with other people,
again, with like minds, to be able to at least
have a remnant, and there's a possibility it may not happen.
And there's a possibility that we may start
a nuclear chain reaction and they're prepared
to encapsulate the planet and make another sun out of it.
Nuclear energy is a no-no, if you notice,
because it'll disrupt the soul energy.
Exactly, it's not allowed out in any...
I have understood for many years, it's been
very distressing, we've been playing with this here,
especially when we start shooting
it into the outer atmosphere.
It's not allowed.
Remember, it's vibration.
And it's condensed vibration expanding,
and it vibrates, it ripples through the whole universe,
you can't sit down and say, "Hey, just only right here.'
It's like I published with Cathie's books, The Energy Grid,
and Bruce and I had a conversation exactly on that,
he said that they can only explode nuclear bombs
at certain grid points, that's not true.
They have harmonics on anything.
You can set it anywhere you want to,
to set the thing off.
So they can put them on, if they do do that,
why, you think Bush and all the rest of them
are talking about having no nukes in Iran?
Actually it's all energy source,
Iran wants to keep their energy going,
they want to reprocess the nuclear waste,
Russia's doing that, United States does not
reprocess our nuclear waste.
You know what they're doing in Alamogordo?
This is just last month.
They're starting to burn it again.
What is burned, it doesn't do anything, it just goes,
the radiation is let into space again.
Okay, so, let's get a little
take the polls here.
All that we talk, we talked about in our first interview,
having to do with an impending collapse of the economy,
really only a few people win when that happens,
this is not an accident, that all of the beings
that live on this planet at this time
have agreed to this engagement together,
at one, to choose--
At some level.
At some level, on some deep level,
we're all here, and I do believe souls
have a choice, whether they incarnate or not,
so if we incarnated now, we all came here
to play some part of this play.
That's right.
And so you have those who
are the puppet masters, manipulating resources,
manipulating money supplies, which greatly
affects the people on the planet,
the environment, et cetera, you have a lot of people
trying to wake up, even if it hasn't
reached the tipping point yet.
What's this all coming to now?
How do you look at it together
for the people who can hear all of this,
and give some idea of some of what you shared,
when they get your book, they'll be able to read,
but give us some highlights, maybe.
Very frankly, very few people,
because they've been dumbed down,
will be able to understand the book.
And they may put it down, and then a year from now,
if we still have a year from now,
I don't know the timing,
they will be activated at some point,
and they're sharing it.
Some of the books that people get,
they give them to their youth bookstore,
but somebody else gets them.
The energies are going someplace.
I'm recognizing that I use my assets
to give away a book, I send them around the world.
Free.
Just like we're doing CMN free for the same reason.
Well, it was a discussion I had with the ETs,
it's the same position, why do I do it free?
Well, because the first, if I would sell the book,
what's the first thing people are going to say?
Well, I'm making money on it.
I even pay the postage, so where's the money into it?
So they can see that,
and also it prohibits people from taking action.
Anytime you whip out your credit card,
people are prohibited from taking that action,
in a lot of cases, people need this information.
90% of the people, 90% of the money
in the United States is credit cards.
And it's going around the world.
Now, all credit card charges, outside the United States,
have a 5% charge, did you know that, an additional charge.
So if you go to another country, there's another 5% add-on.
So you're doing this
because you know and you've been guided.
Well, I'm being constantly reminded that
if we don't do that, we're not going to have a planet left.
I don't care what color you are, whatever,
if you're going to be assisting to help,
hey, we need all the help we can get.
You can forget about whatever supposedly--
you know, the biggest problem when I look
at the whole planet is, unfortunately, is religion,
and that's the opiate of the masses.
They don't recognize that information is--
that we're all part of the creation
and there is no, quote, god out there
that's gonna come save it, because the definition
of god becomes something different.
Right, right.
So, what can we do for ourselves,
if you can share some of--
let's say that our listeners, our viewers,
are tuned in, dialed in right now,
as they're listening to you, in terms of some
of the information that they can expect
to be reading in this book, that can
help elevate their connection to spirit.
The book is written in a way,
it's kind of an antivirus device
that you put in your computer, you know,
to get rid of all the garbage,
GIGO, garbage-in-garbage-out,
well, by reading the book two or three times,
all of the sudden, it's kind of like
what you mentioned before, it'll clear up your mind.
Now we have devices that will help balance your mind,
but the programming's there, this is a deprogramming device.
Very good, that's what I--
Deprogramming the way you've been programmed since day--
the school books, for instance, my books that I tried--
I publish a lot of books.
You cannot get them into the schools,
because they have a selection committee,
on what books goes in there.
Barnes & Noble, for instance, and Borders and stuff,
there's a selection committee is the three largest
publishers in New York, that selects the books
that they want to put into the stores,
which is controlled by Ingram,
which is the largest book distributor,
which is owned by Bertelsmann out of Germany.
We no longer have any control over the thought.
Other than 90% of the stories out here
are romance and mystery novels,
and there are some authors that are
putting out incredible information,
quasi-mystery, quasi-that, to give you part of the truth,
and now the question is, how do you discern which is truth,
and now it's up to you to start studying,
ask your friends, getting other people,
getting groups together, small, not big groups.
You know, it even tells you this in the book,
small amounts, less than a dozen.
And now set up actual, some functions,
understanding, because a lot of people
are going to put their head in the sand again
when they find out how much their controls
that are taken care of, and they thought of everything,
including your thought.
Yes, and I know about that.
We've interviewed Nick Begich and some others,
so I think most of our viewers
are somewhat aware if not fully aware.
It's the--
Dr. Begich and I talked about before you guys, you know,
we were discussing his stuff,
and the vibrational medicine and healing
and all that type of material.
We'd run around this planet, seeing what we could do
to bring out, it's like most, you know,
diseases, disease, has set down.
The question is, that most people leave out,
is when did you cause the disease?
Right, that's right.
And you can determine that maybe in a previous lifetime,
that you brought back in that thought level,
and it's got to come back into balance,
once you recognize it, release it.
And you can come back into what we call wholeness.
And the wholeness is being allowed to have,
you've got to feed the temple,
and you've got to feed it in the right way,
and right now, because of the environment,
about everything is polluted.
So we have to take responsibility
for our own food source, and that still doesn't,
you're not immune from whatever is coming from above,
and falling onto your crops.
I mean, but nonetheless, you have to do what you can.
You do what you can.
That's the best thing you can do.
Again, and how do you maintain an industry
which is based on the trades that we've had right now?
I mean, all of the Middle East knows
that the America has been living on, what?
Movie stars, football heroes, all this,
supposedly money, you know, win the lottery,
go to Vegas, do all this stuff.
Opiate distractions.
Exactly.
Well, it's kind of reading the protocols
when you read all them, that's the plan for world takeover.
So that's what you have to look at.
So we need to get real and start--
you said this a few times now,
getting together with likeminded people,
in small communities and small groups.
That's right.
Take care of our physical bodies,
expand our connection to spirit.
That's correct, get connected with spirit.
We have a book, it's called The Genius Frequency,
and in it, since everybody's a different frequency,
the question is how do you,
they aren't necessarily a genius,
they just know how to tune in,
so what we have to do is learn how to do that,
the book will help.
It's kind of like the devices you're talking about.
Anyway we can do, because there's many paths,
as I say, to enlightenment.
Now, the question is, how do we get them
so we get an overview, and the best thing I can tell you
and your listeners and everybody,
is remember it's a huge play, stay in the observer mode
as much as you can, don't be frightened about it,
this is a transition.
Right, and don't buy into the drama.
Well, don't buy, and understand it's a drama.
And that's spelled out in the book, too.
Understand that it's a drama, and now the question is:
how are we going to rewrite the ending
at this level and don't look at the outlet,
don't expect an outcome at this point,
because we don't know what the outcome is,
because the play is changing every second.
It is.
Every second, we're doing something different,
and maybe somebody else, that, you know,
they resign, somebody else came in,
but the players that are playing,
the ones that we are made aware of,
it's like, you know, Washington DC, those players,
that's only the top of the anthill.
All the anthill underneath has enormous games
they're playing with the guys up on top,
and they can't do anything, either.
Right, yeah, they're puppets, too.
It's a whole thing.
So the question that comes up a lot
from a lot of people is:
can we reach a critical mass of consciousness where--
this is actually a two-pronged question,
enough where we ourselves, the human species,
can actually control the outcome,
without any help from the outside,
or do we actually reach a critical mass of consciousness
where it can basically be perceived as permission
to receive more help from the outside.
The way you worded the question,
understand that they are allowed to give us,
when we reach that critical mass,
we have not reached that point.
That's what I'm saying, but they are--
They are observing what they are,
they are hoping that, at some point,
we will come to that point, and we will have somebody
which will be able to ask,
not as a, "Give me this," not as a victim-type thing,
that's saying, "We desire your assistance."
You know, it's a little prayer that we have.
"I am a human, becoming, help me become."
That allows them to communicate with you.
I mean, that's all you have to do, tonight,
have a little prayer just before you go to bed, say,
"I'm a human, becoming, help me become."
That allows them for communication.
It's an honest thing, there's no victim,
there's nothing going on, that allows the opening
with higher energies to communicate with you.
They give you a little bit more of the story,
because the more of the story you get,
the bigger the picture you're going to get,
and at some point, you're going to understand
a little bit on how creation works.
There's a total of three books that are in this series.
When you get through with those, if you do,
and very few people don't, they do do it,
you will get an understanding why we have chaos,
and out of the chaos, we're going to create
this new thing, and it's not a question
of the new world order, what they want,
because they want to create chaos, too.
What we want to do is create a new system in balance.
And then using in the highest of good,
the best good for mankind.
Does that sound fair?
That sounds like a real challenge.
And that's where I'm at, I'm running around the world,
trying to awaken people up.
Well, you got my attention,
and I'm totally on board with you on this one,
and held a lot of very similar viewpoints,
in terms of what's coming down and why,
and really a very beautiful, incredible opportunity
embedded within all of this.
Oh, and responsibility.
And responsibility, of course.
It's an opportunity, but it's a responsibility.
So you have to understand both of them.
Once you've joined on, all of a sudden,
"Uh oh, I'm responsible for the whole world?"
You're not, we're all together are,
but we are part of it, and we all have to get together.
And all of these little books have
been monitored since I first put it out.
Kind of like getting an update,
I like to know what's going on, and they just--
it's not going as fast as they would like them to go out.
It's because the other--
and they say, don't be disheartened,
because the other guys has been eons of sequential time,
dumbing us down to this position.
And we can't do it in a few years.
No, we all have to just pitch in,
hold hands, and do it together.
There you are.
Hold hands and hold it up, you got it.
Thank you.
Just click on the link below to get a copy
of his Handbook for a New Paradigm
and DVDs of his lectures, and remember that,
in spite of everything you just heard,
George is sharing what he knows to be true,
so that we can begin to prepare ourselves
for the changes ahead, and take care
of the most important aspect of being human:
our hearts and souls and connection to each other.
Until next time, thanks for watching.